Reflection:
####Task 1:
Task 1 was relatively simple, however, problems still occured. At the begging, i was confused with the command 
mentioned in the guidance:np.random.choice(range(2),4,p=[0.8,0.2]). I used the mathematical expectation
to carryout the practical. Then I found that the plot won't change and it was not a probabilistic model. Then I got to
know the meaning in the guidance, we needed to use np.random.choice to simulate the random process of infection
and recovery. OnceI understood this, the following programming was quick. Anther thing needed to be mentioned 
was the shape of the line. As the guidance did not tell us how to modify the type of the line. It took me some time 
to reach the ideal figure.

####Task2:
In general, Taks2 was similar to Task1. Thus the programming was relatively quick. The main barriers I encounted was
how to change the color of the line and how to plot 11 curves in one figure . After several attempts, I found out that
we can change the color by modifyingthe parameter after the cm.virdis and use the same x axis with different list 
to plot 11 curves together.

####Task3:
Task3 was brandnew to me and really attracted me. Teachers gave detailed information in the guidance, thus it was 
not very difficult. At first I tried to wrote my own codes, however, I found I was not familiar with 2D dimentional 
arrays and failed to extract some information. Finally, I used teachers code as part of my code to finish the practical.

Conclusion: Practical 13 was not very difficult but impressed me. In task one, I got familiar with the basic model used
 to simulate the spread of infectious disease. In task two I leanrt that herd immunity had its scientific and statistical
 basis. In task 3, I got a more intuitive understanding of the process of spreading. Through this practical, I enhanced
my programming skills , understand the spread of infectious diseaseas well as finding the magic power of the 
programming. The most important things I learnt was the mechanism of probabilistic model. Also, creating 
different kinds of figures impressed me a lot.
Things could be done better: when running the 2D model, it takes some time to get the result. Maybe better algorithm
could be implemented.


